                CUSTOM OPEN-SOURCE LICENSE BASED ON GNU AGPL

  Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this
license document, but changing it is not allowed.

  This Open Source License Agreement ("Agreement") is made and entered into
by and between us ("Licensor") and you (either as an individual, a single
corporation, or another single legal entity that uses the applicable source
code) ("Licensee").

  IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY: PLEASE REVIEW THIS OPEN-SOURCE LICENSE CAREFULLY.
THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND US (“LICENSOR”).
BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, AND/OR USING THE PROJECT (DEFINED BELOW), YOU
(DEFINED BELOW) AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. IF YOU DO
NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, YOU MUST NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, OR
USE THE PROJECT, AND YOU MUST DELETE OR RETURN THE UNUSED PROJECT.

                            Definitions
  a. “This License” refers to version 3 of the GNU Affero General Public
License.
  b. “Copyright” encompasses copyright-equivalent laws that apply to other
forms of intellectual property, such as semiconductor mask works.
  c. “The Program” refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this
License.
  d. Each licensee is addressed as “you”. “Licensees” and “recipients” may
be individuals or organizations.
  e. “Modification” means any alteration, enhancement, adaptation, or
derivation of its source code. To “modify” a work means to copy from or
adapt all or part of the work in a fashion requiring copyright permission,
other than the making of an exact copy. The resulting work is called a
“modified version” of the earlier work or a work “based on” the earlier work.
  f. A “covered work” means either the unmodified Program or a work based on
the Program.
  g. To “propagate” a work means to do anything with it that, without
permission, would make you directly or secondarily liable for infringement
under applicable copyright law, except executing it on a computer or
modifying a private copy. Propagation includes copying, distribution (with
or without modification), making it available to the public, and in some
countries other activities as well.
  h. To “convey” a work means any kind of propagation that enables other
parties to make or receive copies. Mere interaction with a user through a
computer network, with no transfer of a copy, is not conveying.
  i. "Personal Use" means the use of the Software by an individual solely
for personal, non-commercial purposes.
  j. “Commercial Use” means the use of the Source code in a way that is
intended for commercial gain or profit.
  k. "User Product" means either: A "consumer product", which refers to any
tangible personal property normally used for personal, family, or household
purposes, or Anything designed or sold for incorporation into a dwelling. In
determining whether a product qualifies as a consumer product, any doubts
should be resolved in favour of coverage. For a specific product received by
a particular user, "normally used" refers to the typical or common use of
that class of product, regardless of the user's individual status or the
specific way in which the user actually uses, expects, or is expected to use
the product. A product is considered a consumer product even if it has
substantial commercial, industrial, or non-consumer uses unless such uses
represent the only significant mode of use for the product.
  l. "Installation Information" for a User Product means any methods,
procedures, authorization keys, or other information required to install and
execute modified versions of a covered work in that User Product from a
modified version of its Corresponding Source.
  m. “Confidential Information” means information, whether or not in physical
form, all oral communications, documents and other information, disclosed by
a party to the other which: (a) is a trade secret or by its nature or
circumstances surrounding its disclosure is, or could reasonably be expected
to be regarded as, confidential to the disclosing Party; (b) is marked or
otherwise designated “confidential” by the disclosing Party; or (c) the
disclosing Party informs the receiving Party is confidential or a trade
secret;
  n. “Physical Media” means the physical media or hardware containing or
enabling Software
  o. “Agreement” shall mean this Open-source License agreement with regard
to the respective Project.

                            Source Code
  a. "Source Code": Refers to the preferred form of the work for making
modifications to it. This is the form in which the work is most easily
understood and altered. Collectively entire subject matter of the license is
referred to as the “Project”.
  b. "Object Code": Refers to any non-source form of the work, including
compiled or executable forms of the Software.
  c. "Standard Interface": Refers to an interface that is either an official
standard defined by a recognized standards body or, for programming languages,
one that is widely used among developers in that language.
  d. "System Libraries": Refers to libraries or modules that are included in
the normal packaging of a Major Component but are not part of the Major
Component itself. System Libraries enable the use of the work with the Major
Component or implement a Standard Interface available to the public in
source code form.
  e. "Major Component": Refers to a major essential component of the
specific operating system on which the executable work runs, or a compiler
used to produce the work, or an object code interpreter used to run it.
  f. "Corresponding Source": For work in object code form, refers to all the
source code needed to generate, install, and run the object code, including
scripts to control those activities. It does not include the work's System
Libraries or general-purpose tools that are not part of the work but are
used unmodified. For example, the Corresponding Source includes interface
definition files associated with source files and the source code for shared
libraries or dynamically linked subprograms specifically required by the
work. For a work in source code form, Corresponding Source is the same work.

                            Grant of License
  a. Upon continuous compliance with the terms and conditions of this License,
the licensor hereby grants You a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-
free license to use, download, modify, and redistribute the Software for
both Personal and Commercial Use.
  b. The output from running a covered work is covered by this License only
if the output, given its content, constitutes a covered work.
  c. This License acknowledges your rights of fair use or other equivalent,
as provided by copyright law. You may make, run and propagate covered works
that you do not convey, without conditions so long as your license otherwise
remains in force.
  d. You may convey covered works to others for the sole purpose of having
them make modifications exclusively for you, or provide you with facilities
for running those works, provided that you comply with the terms of this
License in conveying all material for which you do not control copyright.
Those making or running the covered works for you must do so exclusively on
your behalf, under your direction and control, on terms that prohibit them
from making any copies of your copyrighted material outside their
relationship with you.
  e. Conveying under any other circumstances is permitted solely under the
conditions stated below.
  f. The Licensee is permitted to utilize GitHub features, including but not
limited to pull requests, forks, and modifications/customizations.
  g. The Licensee is required to ensure that any use of these features
complies with the terms of this Agreement and does not infringe upon the
proprietary rights of the Licensor. The Licensee must also include all
original proprietary notices and disclaimers in any copies or versions of
the Software created or modified using these features.
  h. Any copies, modifications, derivative works, or changes of the Source
code made by the Licensee must include this same License in its entirety.
The Licensee shall ensure that every copy, modification, or derivative of
the Source code that is distributed, transferred, or otherwise made
available retains this License, ensuring that all recipients are bound by
the same terms and conditions.
  i. All updates to the original source code have been clearly tagged. Any
individual who chooses to modify or update the codebase does so at their own
discretion and risk. The Licensor assumes no responsibility or liability for
any issues that may arise from such modifications or updates.
  j. You agree to use Your reasonable efforts to prevent and protect the
contents of the Source code and Documentation from unauthorized use or
disclosure, with at least the same degree of care that You use to protect
Your own confidential and proprietary information, but in no event less than
a reasonable degree of care under the circumstances.

                        Conveying Verbatim Copies
  a. You may convey verbatim copies of the Program's source code as you
receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and appropriately
publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice; keep intact all
notices stating that this License and any non-permissive terms added to
apply to the code; keep intact all notices of the absence of any warranty;
and give all recipients a copy of this License along with the Program. You
may charge any price or no price for each copy that you convey, and you may
offer support or warranty protection for a fee.

                    Conveying Modified Source Versions
  a. You may convey a work based on the Program or the modifications to
produce it from the Program, in the form of source code under the terms of
the above section, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:
    ● The work must carry prominent notices stating that you modified it,
    and giving a relevant date.
    ● The work must carry prominent notices stating that it is released
    under this License and any additional conditions. This requirement
    modifies the requirement in the above section to "keep intact all
    notices".
    ● You must license the entire work, as a whole, under this License to
    anyone who comes into possession of a copy. This License will therefore
    apply, along with any additional terms, to the whole of the work, and
    all its parts, regardless of how they are packaged. This License does
    not permit to license the work in any other way, but it does not
    invalidate such permission if you have separately received it.
    ● If the work has interactive user interfaces, each must display
    Appropriate Legal Notices; however, if the Program has interactive
    interfaces that do not display Appropriate Legal Notices, your work
    need not make them do so.

  b. A compilation of a covered work with other separate and independent
works, which are not by their nature extensions of the covered work, and
which are not combined with it such as to form a larger program, in or on a
volume of a storage or distribution medium, is called an "aggregate" if the
compilation and its resulting copyright are not used to limit the access or
legal rights of the compilation's users beyond what the individual works
permit. Inclusion of a covered work in an aggregate does not cause this
License to apply to the other parts of the aggregate.
  c. The Licensee must also ensure that the Installation information
suffices to ensure that the continued functioning of the modified object
code is in no case prevented or interfered with solely because modification
has been made.

            Protection of legal rights from anti-circumvention law
  a. No covered work shall be deemed part of an effective technological
measure under any applicable law fulfilling obligations under article 11 of
the WIPO copyright treaty adopted on 20 December 1996, or similar laws
prohibiting or restricting circumvention of such measures.
  b. When you convey a covered work, you waive any legal power to forbid
circumvention of technological measures to the extent such circumvention is
effected by exercising rights under this License with respect to the covered
work, and you disclaim any intention to limit operation or modification of
the work as a means of enforcing, against the work's users, your or third
parties' legal rights to forbid circumvention of technological measures.

                        Conveying Non-Source Forms
  a. You may convey a covered work in object code form under the terms of
the above sections, provided that you also convey the machine-readable
Corresponding Source under the terms of this License, in one of these ways:
    ● Convey the object code in, or embodied in, a physical product
    (including a physical distribution medium), accompanied by the
    Corresponding Source fixed on a durable physical medium customarily
    used for software interchange.
    ● Convey the object code in, or embodied in, a physical product
    (including a physical distribution medium), accompanied by a written
    offer, valid for at least three years and valid for as long as you
    offer spare parts or customer support for that product model, to give
    anyone who possesses the object code either:
    ● A copy of the Corresponding Source for all the software in the
    product that is covered by this License, on a durable physical medium
    customarily used for software interchange, for a price no more than
    your reasonable cost of physically performing this conveying of source,
    or
    ● Access to copy the Corresponding Source from a network server at no
    charge.
  b. Convey individual copies of the object code with a copy of the written
offer to provide the Corresponding Source. This alternative is allowed only
occasionally and non-commercially, and only if you received the object code
with such an offer, in accordance with terms related to conveying modified
source versions.
  c. Convey the object code by offering access from a designated place
(gratis or for a charge), and offer equivalent access to the Corresponding
Source in the same way through the same place at no further charge. You need
not require recipients to copy the Corresponding Source along with the
object code. If the place to copy the object code is a network server, the
Corresponding Source may be on a different server (operated by you or a
third party) that supports equivalent copying facilities, provided you
maintain clear directions next to the object code saying where to find the
Corresponding Source. Regardless of what server hosts the Corresponding
Source, you remain obligated to ensure that it is available for as long as
needed to satisfy these requirements.
  d. Convey the object code using peer-to-peer transmission, provide you
inform other peers where the object code and Corresponding Source of the
work are being offered to the general public at no charge under the
conditions mentioned for conveying modified versions. A separable portion
of the object code, whose source code is excluded from the Corresponding
Source as a System Library, need not be included in conveying the object
code work.
  e. If you convey an object code work under this section in, or with, or
specifically for use in, a User Product, and the conveying occurs as part
of a transaction in which the right of possession and use of the User
Product is transferred to the recipient in perpetuity or for a fixed term
(regardless of how the transaction is characterized), the Corresponding
Source conveyed under this section must be accompanied by the Installation
Information. But this requirement does not apply if neither you nor any
third party retains the ability to install modified object code on the User
Product (for example, the work has been installed in ROM).
  f. The requirement to provide Installation Information does not include
the requirement to continue to provide support service, warranty, or updates
for a work that has been modified or installed by the recipient, or for the
User Product in which it has been modified or installed. Access to a network
may be denied when the modification itself materially and adversely affects
the operation of the network or violates the rules and protocols for
communication across the network.
  g. Corresponding Source conveyed, and Installation Information provided,
in accord with this section, must be in a format that is publicly documented
(and with an implementation available to the public in source code form),
and must require no special password or key for unpacking, reading or
copying.

                            Additional Terms
  a. "Additional permissions" are terms that supplement the terms of this
License by making exceptions from one or more of its conditions. Additional
permissions that are applicable to the entire Program shall be treated as
though they were included in this License, to the extent that they are valid
under applicable law. If additional permissions apply only to part of the
Program, that part may be used separately under those permissions, but the
entire Program remains governed by this License without regard to the
additional permissions.
  b. When you convey a copy of a covered work, you may at your option remove
any additional permissions from that copy, or from any part of it.
(Additional permissions may be written to require their own removal in
certain cases when you modify the work.) You may place additional
permissions on material, added by you to a covered work, for which you have
or can give appropriate copyright permission.
  c. Notwithstanding any other provision of this License, for material you
  add to a covered work, you may (if authorized by the copyright holders of
  that material) supplement the terms of this License with the terms:
    ● Disclaiming warranty or limiting liability differently from the terms
    of this License in accordance with applicable laws ; or
    ● Requiring preservation of specified reasonable legal notices or author
    attributions in that material or in the Appropriate Legal Notices
    displayed by works containing it; or
    ● Prohibiting misrepresentation of the origin of that material, or
    requiring that modified versions of such material be marked in
    reasonable ways as different from the original version; or
    ● Limiting the use for publicity purposes of names of licensors or
    authors of the material; or
    ● Declining to grant rights under trademark law for use of some trade
    names, trademarks, or service marks; or
    ● Requiring indemnification of licensors and authors of that material by
    anyone who conveys the material (or modified versions of it) with
    contractual assumptions of liability to the recipient, for any liability
    that these contractual assumptions directly impose on those licensors
    and authors.
  d. All other non-permissive additional terms are considered "further
restrictions" within the meaning of subsequent sections. If the Program as
you received it, or any part of it, contains a notice stating that it is
governed by this License along with a term that is a further restriction,
you may remove that term. If a license document contains a further
restriction but permits relicensing or conveying under this License, you
may add to a covered work material governed by the terms of that license
document, provided that the further restriction does not survive such
relicensing or conveying.
e. If you add terms to a covered work in accord with this section, you must
place, in the relevant source files, a statement of the additional terms
that apply to those files, or a notice indicating where to find the
applicable terms.
f. Additional terms, permissive or non-permissive, may be stated in the form
of a separately written license, or stated as exceptions; the above
requirements apply either way.

                                Termination
  a. You may not propagate or modify a covered work except as expressly
provided under this License. Any attempt otherwise to propagate or modify
it is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License
(including any patent licenses granted under this license)
  b. However, if you cease all violation of this License, then your license
from a particular copyright holder is reinstated; provisionally, unless and
until the copyright holder explicitly and finally terminates your license;
and permanently if the copyright holder fails to notify you of the
violation by some reasonable means prior to 60 days after the cessation.
  c. Moreover, your license from a particular copyright holder is reinstated
permanently if the copyright holder notifies you of the violation by some
reasonable means, this is the first time you have received notice of
violation of this License (for any work) from that copyright holder, and
you cure the violation prior to 30 days after your receipt of the notice.
  d. The Licensor may terminate this agreement immediately by providing
written notice to the Licensee. This includes but is not limited to,
situations where the Licensee breaches any term or condition of this
agreement. Such termination shall be effective as of the date specified in
the notice of termination.
  e. Termination of your rights under this section does not terminate the
licenses of parties who have received copies or rights from you under this
License. If your rights have been terminated and not permanently reinstated,
you do not qualify to receive new licenses for the same material under
section this license.

                Acceptance not required for having copies
  a. You are not required to accept this License in order to receive or run
a copy of the Program. Ancillary propagation of a covered work occurring
solely as a consequence of using peer-to-peer transmission to receive a copy
likewise does not require acceptance. However, nothing other than this
License grants you permission to propagate or modify any covered work. These
actions infringe copyright if you do not accept this License. Therefore, by
modifying or propagating a covered work, you indicate your acceptance of
this License to do so.

               Automatic Licensing of downstream recipients
  a. Each time you convey a covered work, the recipient automatically
receives a license from the licensors of this forked version, to run, modify
and propagate that work, subject to this License. You are not responsible
for enforcing compliance by third parties with this License.
  b. An "entity transaction" is a transaction transferring control of an
organization, or substantially all assets of one, or subdividing an
organization, or merging organizations. If propagation of a covered work
results from an entity transaction, each party to that transaction who
receives a copy of the work also receives whatever licenses to the work the
party's predecessor in interest had or could give under the previous
paragraph, plus a right to possession of the Corresponding Source of the
work from the predecessor in interest if the predecessor has it or can get
it with reasonable efforts.
  c. You may not impose any further restrictions on the exercise of the
rights granted or affirmed under this License. For example, you may not
impose a license fee, royalty, or other charge for the exercise of rights
granted under this License, and you may not initiate litigation (including
a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that any patent claim
is infringed by making, using, selling, offering for sale, or importing the
Program or any portion of it.

                                Patents
  a. A "contributor" is a copyright holder who authorizes use under this
License of the Program or a work on which the Program is based. The work
thus licensed is called the contributor's "contributor version."
  b. A contributor's "essential patent claims" are all patent claims owned
or controlled by the contributor, whether already acquired or hereafter
acquired, that would be infringed by some manner, permitted by this License,
of making, using, or selling its contributor version, but do not include
claims that would be infringed only as a consequence of further modification
of the contributor version. For purposes of this definition, "control"
includes the right to grant patent sublicenses in a manner consistent with
the requirements of this License.
  c. Each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free
patent license under the contributor's essential patent claims, to make,
use, sell, offer for sale, import, and otherwise run, modify, and propagate
the contents of its contributor version, provided that you give appropriate
credit to the original repository as specified in the "Attribution" section
of this License.
  d. In If you convey a covered work, knowingly relying on a patent license,
and the Corresponding Source of the work is not available for anyone to copy,
free of charge and under the terms of this License, through a publicly
available network server or other readily accessible means, then you must
either:
    ● cause the Corresponding Source to be so available, or
    ● arrange to deprive yourself of the benefit of the patent license for
    this particular work, or
    ● arrange, in a manner consistent with the requirements of this License,
    to extend the patent license to downstream recipients.
  e. "Knowingly relying" means you have actual knowledge that, but for the
patent license, your conveying the covered work in a country, or your
recipient's use of the covered work in a country, would infringe one or more
identifiable patents in that country that you have reason to believe are
valid.
  f. If, pursuant to or in connection with a single transaction or
arrangement, you convey, or propagate by procuring conveyance of, a covered
work, and grant a patent license to some of the parties receiving the
covered work authorizing them to use, propagate, modify, or convey a specific
copy of the covered work, then the patent license you grant is automatically
extended to all recipients of the covered work and works based on it.
  g. A patent license is "discriminatory" if it does not include within the
scope of its coverage, prohibits the exercise of, or is conditioned on the
non-exercise of one or more of the rights that are specifically granted
under this License. You may not convey a covered work if you are a party to
an arrangement with a third party that is in the business of distributing
software, under which you make payment to the third party based on the
extent of your activity of conveying the work, and under which the third
party grants, to any of the parties who would receive the covered work from
you, a discriminatory patent license:
    ● in connection with copies of the covered work conveyed by you (or
    copies made from those copies), or
    ● primarily for and in connection with specific products or compilations
    that contain the covered work.
  h. Nothing in this License shall be construed as excluding or limiting any
implied license or other defences to infringement that may otherwise be
available to you under applicable patent law.

                        Conflicting obligations
  a. If conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not
excuse you from the conditions of this License. If you cannot convey a
covered work to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this License
and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may not convey
it at all. For example, if you agree to terms that obligate you to collect a
royalty for further conveying from those to whom you convey the Program, the
only way you could satisfy both those terms and this License would be to
refrain entirely from conveying the Program.

                Remote Network interaction and Combined works
  a. If you modify the program and your modified version allows users to
interact with it remotely through a computer network, you must provide those
users with the opportunity to receive the corresponding source code of your
modified version. This means you need to make the corresponding source code
available at no charge, typically through a network server, using standard
methods for distributing software.
  b. You are permitted to link or combine any covered work with a work
licensed under version 3 of the GNU General Public License (GPL) into a
single combined work. When you distribute the resulting combined work, the
part covered by this license (your modified version) will still be governed
by this license, while the parts licensed under GNU GPL v3 will continue to
be governed by the GNU GPL v3.

                        Future versions of the License
  a. The Licensor may publish revised and/or new versions of the GNU Affero
General Public License from time to time. Such new versions will be similar
in spirit to the present version but may differ in detail to address new
problems or concerns.
  b. Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Program
specifies that a certain numbered version of the GNU Affero General Public
License "or any later version" applies to it, you have the option of
following the terms and conditions either of that numbered version or of any
later version.
  c. If the Program specifies that a proxy can decide which future versions
of the GNU Affero General Public License can be used, that proxy's public
statement of acceptance of a version permanently authorizes you to choose
that version for the Program.
  d. Later license versions may give you additional or different permissions.
However, no additional obligations are imposed on any author or copyright
holder as a result of your choosing to follow a later version.
  e. By using, modifying, or distributing the Program, you agree to give
proper credit to the original repository and acknowledge the original source
code. The license granted hereunder is perpetual and non-exclusive, allowing
for both personal and commercial use, while ensuring that the original
authors are protected from legal liabilities.

                           Disclaimer of warranty
  a. THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING. THE PROGRAM
IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE,
YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION.
  b. In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including
negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such
as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any
Licensor, or any Licensor's licensors, or anyone who modifies and/or conveys
the Program as permitted above, be liable to you for damages, including any
general, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of the
use or inability to use the Program (including but not limited to loss of
data, data being rendered inaccurate, losses sustained by you or third
parties, or a failure of the Program to operate with any other programs),
even if such holder or other party has been advised of the possibility of
such damages.
  c. Without limiting the foregoing, the Licensor makes no warranty that:
    i. The project will meet your specific requirements or expectations.
    ii. The Software will be available at all times or that access to the
    Source code will be uninterrupted, error-free, or secure.
    iii. The project will operate in conjunction with any other software,
    hardware, or systems.
    iv. The project will be free from defects, inaccuracies, or
    vulnerabilities, or that any defects or errors will be corrected.

                          Limitation of Liability
  a. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall
the Licensor, or any contributors to the Program, be liable for any direct,
indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages. This
includes but is not limited to damages resulting from the inability to use
the Software, loss of data, or any other commercial or economic loss,
however, caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict
liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way
out of the use of this Program, even if advised of the possibility of such
damages. This limitation of liability applies even if the Licensor has been
advised of the possibility of such damages.
  b. The Licensee agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Licensor and
any contributors against any claims or liability asserted against them by
third parties that arise out of the use, modification, or distribution of
the Program. The Licensee also agrees to indemnify and hold the Licensor
harmless from any third-party claim brought against the Licensor claiming
that the Software infringes or misappropriates patent, copyright, trademark,
trade secret, or other intellectual property rights of a third party due to
modifications or usage by You.
  c. In cases where liability is not excluded or limited by mandatory legal
provisions, the Licensor’s liability for damages shall be limited to those
that are foreseeable and typical at the time of entering into the agreement.
The Licensor shall not be liable for consequential and indirect damages.
  d. If the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provided
above cannot be given local legal effect according to their terms, reviewing
courts shall apply local law that most closely approximates an absolute
waiver of all civil liability in connection with the Program, unless a
warranty or assumption of liability accompanies a copy of the Program in
return for a fee.

                    Governing law and Dispute resolution
  a. This License shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of Seychelles. Any disputes arising under or in connection with this
License shall be resolved through arbitration in Seychelles, followed by
court proceedings if necessary.

                            Change in terms
  a. The Licensor reserves the right to modify, amend, or update the terms
and conditions of this agreement at any time. Any such modifications will be
effective upon the date of publication or other communication to the
Licensee.
  b. The Licensor will provide the Licensee with notice of any material
changes to this Agreement by posting a notice to the Licensee, or through
other reasonable means. It is the Licensee’s responsibility to review the
agreement periodically for any changes.
  c. Continued use of the program after the effective date of any
modifications to this agreement constitutes the Licensee’s acceptance of the
modified terms. If the Licensee does not agree to the modified terms, the
Licensee must discontinue use of the Program and terminate this agreement
in accordance with the termination provisions herein.

                                Waiver
  a. No waiver by the Licensor of any breach of this agreement by the
Licensee shall be deemed a waiver of any other breach, nor shall any delay
or omission by the Licensor in exercising any right or remedy operate as a
waiver of that or any other right or remedy.
  b. The failure of the Licensor to enforce any right or provision of this
agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision and shall
not limit the Licensor's right to enforce the same at a later time.
  c. All rights and remedies of the Licensor under this agreement are
cumulative and are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and
remedies available to the Licensor at law or in equity.

                            Attribution
  a. When redistributing the Software or derivative works, you must include
a prominent notice that credits both the original repository and the forked
version. The notice must include:
    ● The name of the original repository located at
    https://github.com/storj
    ● The URL or reference to the original repository
    https://github.com/storj
    ● The name of this forked repository
    ● The URL or reference to the forked repository
    ● A statement that the Software is licensed under this License and
    includes a copy of this License.

  b. Licensee may make as many copies of the Source code as necessary for it
to use the Source code as licensed. Each public copy of the Source code made
by the Licensee must expressly mention the original and forked repository
and contain the same copyright and other notices that appear on this
repository.
  c. Any public fork or modification must include an acknowledgement of the
original and the forked repository.

                          Complete Agreement
  a. This agreement (including any addendum or amendment to this agreement
which is included) is the entire agreement between you and the Licensor
relating to the project and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral
or written communications, proposals and representations with respect to
the project or any other subject matter covered by this agreement.
  b. If any provision of this License is found to be unenforceable or
invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent
necessary so that the License will otherwise remain in full force and effect.
